schedule/week1/index.md, before:

### Todo

#### Info to read:

<panel type="danger" header="Admin » Where to find learning materials" no-close>
  <include src="../../admin/learningMaterials.md" />
</panel><p/>

### Learning Outcomes

#### Programing Basics


<panel type="danger" header="`W1.1` **Can perfom small computations programmatically**" no-close>

<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1a` Can explain computer programs" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/programs/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1b` Can set up a programming environment" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/environment/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1c` Can work with an interactive shell" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/shell/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1d` Can use basic operators" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/operators/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1e` Can use basic data types" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/types/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1f` Can use variables" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/variables/text.md" />
</panel><p/>

At this point you should be able to do something similar to this exercise (in your programming language/environment of choice):

<include src="../../programming/exercises/circle.md" />
  
</panel>

#### Software Engineering

<panel type="success" header="`W1.2` **Can explain pros and cons of software engineering**" no-close>
  <include src="../../book/softwareEngineering/prosAndCons/full.md" />
</panel>


### Lecture

Slides (will be given after the lecture)

Commit message:

admin: add info about slides

schedule/week1/index.md, after:

### Todo

#### Info to read:

<panel type="danger" header="Admin » Where to find learning materials" no-close>
  <include src="../../admin/learningMaterials.md" />
</panel><p/>

### Learning Outcomes

#### Programing Basics


<panel type="danger" header="`W1.1` **Can perfom small computations programmatically**" no-close>

<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1a` Can explain computer programs" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/programs/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1b` Can set up a programming environment" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/environment/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1c` Can work with an interactive shell" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/shell/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1d` Can use basic operators" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/operators/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1e` Can use basic data types" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/types/text.md" />
</panel>
<panel type="warning" header="`W1.1f` Can use variables" no-close>
  <include src="../../programming/variables/text.md" />
</panel><p/>

At this point you should be able to do something similar to this exercise (in your programming language/environment of choice):

<include src="../../programming/exercises/circle.md" />
  
</panel>

#### Software Engineering

<panel type="success" header="`W1.2` **Can explain pros and cons of software engineering**" no-close>
  <include src="../../book/softwareEngineering/prosAndCons/full.md" />
</panel>


### Lecture

This lecture covers an introduction to the module and an introduction to Python.<br>
All of you are ==encouraged to attend the first lecture==, even if you plan to skip future lectures.
